[hotfix] How to build documentation using Hugo Docker image. (#16970)
apache/flink: docs/README.md

### Build the site locally

Building the site requires Hugo. You can install Hugo locally or use a Docker image to build the site.
To build the Flink docs, you need the *extended version* of Hugo with Sass/SCSS support.

From the directory of this module (`docs`):

> Using Hugo Docker image:
> ```
> git submodule update --init --recursive
> docker run -v $(pwd):/src -p 1313:1313 jakejarvis/hugo-extended:latest server --buildDrafts --buildFuture --bind 0.0.0.0
> ```
> Local Hugo installation:
> 
> Make sure you have installed [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/) on your
> system.
> ```sh
> ./build_docs.sh
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Use a local Hugo installation**

After installing [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/) on your system, run the following script provided in this module:

```sh
./build_docs.sh
```

**Use a Docker image**

To start a live server at http://localhost:1313/ with a containerized image of Hugo Extended, run:

```
git submodule update --init --recursive
docker run -v $(pwd):/src -p 1313:1313 jakejarvis/hugo-extended:latest server --buildDrafts --buildFuture --bind 0.0.0.0
```

```
